fix the cli to solve the error report message problem (#770)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/manually-handling-sharding-ddl-locks.md

> **Note:**
>
> - This document only applies to the processing of sharding DDL lock in pessimistic coordination mode. 

> > - The commands in the Command usage section in this document are in interactive mode. In command-line mode, you need to add the escape characters to avoid an error report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The commands in the Command usage sections in this document are in interactive mode. In command-line mode, you need to add the escape characters to avoid an error report.
```

> > - The command usage in this document is in the interactive mode. The interactive mode does not support Bash features. For example, you need to directly pass string flags instead of passing them in quotes.

Reviewer: not sure the terminology is _escape_ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escape_character

Author: fixed in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/770/commits/f3dcc01938768f5a0c99bf62f19417ffa4adecc2. PTAL~

> > - The command usage in this document is in the interactive mode. The interactive mode does not support Bash features. For example, you need to directly pass string flags instead of passing them in quotes.

Author: ```suggestion
> - The commands in the Command usage section in this document are in interactive mode. In command-line mode, you need to add the escape characters to avoid an error report.
```

#### Example of results

```bash

> » unlock-ddl-lock test-\`shard_db\`.\`shard_table\`

Reviewer: this is interactive mode, not command line mode, so no need to escape the backquote. see https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb-data-migration/stable/dmctl-introduction#dmctl-%E4%BA%A4%E4%BA%92%E6%A8%A1%E5%BC%8F

Author: But if the users didn't read this document before, they do not know whether it is interactive mode or command-line mode, right? It seems that this user directly thinks it is command-line mode

Reviewer: yes. now I think we can address `./dmctl --master-addr=xxx unlock-ddl-lock` to indicate this is command line mode. And for interactive mode I haven't though a good format.

Author: in this doucment, are all the commands in the interactive mode?

Reviewer: I think the `{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}` or `bash` annotation will add a `$` prefix, so the user may think this is a bash (a shell, command line) command. 

our intention is that run these commands in interactive mode, maybe we should add a warning to address it?

Author: not sure my expression is ok. https://github.com/pingcap/docs-dm/pull/770/commits/bc57b5a6732c37b04deacef6ca557d396f129274. PTAL~
